1- run your own local blockchain (e.g using Ganache).
	hardhat local in-memory blockchain (much faster than using a real network and doesn't require you to spend ETH or obtain testnet tokens)
	$ npx hardhat node (this creates a persistent network)

2- deploy your own link contract there (e.g. ERC677)
	$ npx hardhat node
	$ npx hardhat ignition deploy --network localhost ignition/modules/LinkToken.ts
	$ 

3- run your own chainlink node locally ( which has a UI as well)
	
4- fund your local chainlink node from the link contract you deployed in step 2
5- create a jobspec in your chainlink node… understand everything there!
6- deploy your insurance contract on your local blockchain which correctly requests data from your local chainlink node,
7- trigger your insurance contract to interact with YOUR OWN oracle.

There’s no interaction with mainnet or real chainlink net.. everything in run locally on docker and you can create as much fake Eths and Links as you need.

logically, you need three contracts (not 2) to be deployed on your local
chain:
- one that is specifically to mint LINK tokens (ERC20 or ERC677,
LinkToken.sol),
- the second is your insurance application contract (consumer,
ChainlinkClient.sol),
- and the third is the one requesting data from your local chainlink
node (the oracle, Oracle.sol).

So you mint some LINKs and provide it for the consumer, such that
consumer have sufficient LINKS to request service from the ORACLE. Once
the oracle received the request from consumer together with the service
fees, it requests data from your local chainlinkNode, which in turn
requests data from your local API.




I checked what chatGPT have to say about your project. If the chainlink
node implementation was deprecated/corrupted, you may check other
similar oracle service tools. You can also implement your whole
ecosystem from scratch just to mimic the interaction between all
components. If you still feel stuck even with this flexibility, You may
try the following prompt:

"I need to implement a very basic oracle blockchain ecosystem locally
for demonstration. How can i do that step by step..a blockchain (e.g.
ganache) on which Three contracts are deployed: consumer.sol,
oracle.sol, and Token.sol (other than Eth and similar to LINK concept)..
then we have a representation of the oracle in real world with
simplistic UI, which requests data from external API."

Although I don't recommend to rely on AI-tools, you can exploit its
structured methods. Then you need to modify on your code accordingly and
subjectively. For example:

- implement your own consumer.sol application,
- use your preferred blockchain system,
- modify on the UI to look more personalized for clearer/richer user
experience,
- modify on the API data so that it is more in line with the application
you have in your consumer.sol application.
- Dockerize/encapsulate everything so that a user can run your demo in
the simplest way possible. Then provide your own tutorial of your repo.

the more creatively you think, the more enjoyable this learning path
gets!

let me know if it worked with you.

